I look familiar.
I am Vuong Chinh Vinh.
From the royal capital
That is the Royal Family that owns the Red Sun Alliance.
why did you save me
Because I want you to help me become British.
Why does a powerful mother-in-law help you?
I can help you get revenge.
This time I went to Yen Kinh.
Bring a red sun alliance mouthpiece.
I can also help you return to the capital.
Okay, I promise.
Wang Zhenrong is hidden deep enough.
The name of the Red Sun Alliance alone could make Sergeant Yan
Once a king
I'm still careful with criminals after this.
So now the patient is awake.
Then goodbye first.
Thanks a lot.
Yogurt give me some.
Ms. Ton.
How many killers are there in the red meat alliance?
Not many, you are just hundreds of people.
Number 100 is not much.
So red meat alliance, you made me a mouthful.
Please, I will tell you.
If you don't say anything, then don't say it.